Service mesh mentions removed (#9552)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/guides/meshery-metrics.md

    
  <section id="content3">
    <p>

>       Static Boards capture the Cloud Native Performance. Certain protos are defined and tracked as a part of performance tests. Static Boards Queries Prometheus SDK directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Static Boards capture the standard performance metrics included in every Meshery performance test irrespective of which load generator is used. A set calculations are made using statistical analysis of the metrics gathered in the static boards. Static Boards Queries Prometheus SDK directly.
```
